Encode RSTUDIO_VERSION when checking for updates (#9913)
rstudio/rstudio: NEWS-2021.09.1-ghost-orchid.md

### Bugfixes

* Fixed bug that prevented publishing to Connect from a preview window (#9901)

> * Fixed bug that prevented updates of RStudio from being retrieved (#9911)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed bug that prevented RStudio from correctly reporting new versions when running 'Check for Updates' (#9911)
```
